feat: add hyperforce jwt exception (#805)
salesforcecli/plugin-user: messages/create.md

# flags.target-hub.deprecation

The --target-dev-hub flag is deprecated and is no longer used by this command. The flag will be removed in API version 57.0 or later.

# error.nonScratchOrg

This command only works with scratch orgs.

# error.jwtHyperforce

This command does not work using JWT auth when the org is on Hyperforce.

# error.jwtHyperforce.actions

> - Auth to your DevHub with `org login web` or `org login sfdx-url`. Scratch orgs you create that way will work with `org create user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authorize your Dev Hub with  either the `org login web` or `org login sfdx-url` command.  You can then successfully use the `org create user` command on scratch orgs that you then create with your Dev Hub.
```
